c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.exe
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.pdb
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.dll
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.dll
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Windows.dll
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\RobotKit.dll
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Windows.pri
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.exe
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.pdb
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\en\Microsoft.Band.BandResources.resw
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\SpheroBand.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\layout.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\Resources.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\pri.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\priconfig.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.pri
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Windows.pri.xml
c:\users\matt\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SpheroBand\SpheroBand\SpheroBand.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
